I said I was sorry okay no worries I can
just get more tomorrow you need a lawyer
no okay totally all right will do
goodnight
actually I think what you said was I'm
sorry you're so pissed off
so like technically not an apology
also Bridget why do I need label
something that you didn't buy like how
do you function at the grocery store
just walk in oh my god is this all for
me
no hey girl it's me um
no Bridget story today I walked home and
right when I know you know what uh chill
over voicemail okay call me when you get
this I love you I okay it's happened in
the world of Instagram today oh that's
why you couldn't answer you are adorably
riding bikes with your new friends okay
I can Instagram too
yeah let's see I will call this one
Friday night with BAE perfect we'll just
go with hello well finally started
drinking alone TBT too and I had friends
okay it'll be fine when I make my
hilarious group of new friends so long
as they like toddlers and tiaras we will
be great because that is the only thing
I have going on right now
shai just move home I don't get better I
mean yes - here we go on the upside got
some extra fried rice yeah it's good
extra fried rice
Hey